{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Spartan-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh12760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Hello to the COMPANYNAME Team,
\b0 \
\
Over ten years ago, I graduated with a degree in Graphic Design, but soon realized the world of design held a lot more than infographics and banner ads. Below are a couple highlights of my design journey so far.\
\
As Creative Director of a small marketing agency, I was tasked with leading every project that came through the door, while also developing new agency design solutions. And because we were small, it meant being efficient and resourceful. In my 6+ years I created multiple revenue generating services that stemmed from those ideals. For example, designing and coding a set of custom web themes our clients could choose from that drastically shortened dev time and cost.\
\
My current role as a Senior UX Designer/Consultant includes working on complex design systems, taking part in Design Thinking workshops to inform prototypes and help clients unlock ideas, and helping mentor younger designers.\
\
And because for me design isn\'92t just a career, but a hobby, I love to experiment with ideas I find interesting. This allows me to keep my skillset fresh and play around with design software and skills I might not otherwise have the opportunity to try out. \
\
I truly believe my skillset and energy can bring an immense amount of value to current and future projects at COMPANYNAME. If the team at COMPANYNAME is interested I\'92d love to talk more.\
\
Best,\
\

\b Dave Dechant\
davedechant.github.io\
davedechant@gmail.com\
612.910.5941}